All righty, so here's our development process.
In this video, we're going to focus on step one
of modifying the Spring Boot app.
We're going to add that new search method.
All righty, so swinging into my Java IDE right now,
I'll zoom in here for a second and I'll go ahead
and open up my repository.
Our products, that's the ProductRepository.java,
expand my window here for a second,
and so what I'll do here is I'll move in
and I'll actually add a new query method.
So this method is findByNameContaining,
RequestParam's coming in, that Param's going to be called name,
and then we'll bind this to a param here, string name,
and we give our normal, pageable information.
Alright, so remember, behind the scenes,
Spring's going to process this, and its going to
make use of a query select star from Product P
where p.name like concat, the name item coming in.
All of that good ol' Spring magic for us.
So let's go ahead and run this application so we
can see a quick demo of it.
So in my browser, I'll open up
localhost 8080/API/products
search find by name containing.
And then the actual name in this example I'll use Python.
So I'm searching for products with Python.
So, zoom in here and this is pretty good.
So I have a book, crash course in python.
There's another intro to python, and so on.
All right, lets try another search term here.
So, beginner.
And then scrolling over, so this is good.
Beginners guide to SQL.
Beginners guide to Data Science, and so on.
So that part's working too, so this is
pretty good so far.
And then just one last query, just to kind of check
things out here.
So, data, so this should match on big data.
And this should also match on, like, data science
or whatever or crash course in big data,
data science at the bottom.
So, again, the whole containing part is working.
So if the search term happens anywhere within the
given product name, then it'll give us a match.